[Laravel Lang Publisher][link_source] / [Main Page](../index.md) / [Changelog](index.md) / 9.x

# 9.x

## 9.1.0

### Added

- Added the ability to easily install localization files from any package.
- Changed the default value of the `inline` option when copying the validation file. Now, by default, the translation will be taken from the `validaion-inline.php` files.
- Added an error message about the absence of a package when trying to install a localization from it: `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Exceptions\PackageDoesntExistsException`.
- Added the `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Packages::get()` method.

### Removed

- Removed `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Locales::validate(string $locale)` method.

## 9.0.0

### Added

- [Laravel-Lang/lang](https://github.com/Laravel-Lang/lang) 9 version is now supported.
- Added method for validating localizations: `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Locales::validate(string $locale)`.
- Added logging of each action to the console when running the console command with the `-vvv` parameter.

### Changed

- PHP 7.2 is no longer supported.
- `andrey-helldar/support` 2.0 version is no longer supported.
- Project rewritten from scratch.
- Documentation moved to GitHub Pages.
- The localization installation command has been renamed from `lang:install` to `lang:add`.
- The localization installation command has been renamed from `lang:uninstall` to `lang:rm`.
- `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Config::getLocale()` method renamed to `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Config::defaultLocale()`.
- `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Config::getFallbackLocale()` method renamed to `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Config::fallbackLocale()`.
- Namespace `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Locale` has been renamed to `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Locales`.
- A parameter has been added to the `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Locales::available(bool $all = false)` method to return a list of localizations without filtering.
- The `$is_json` parameter has been removed from the `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Locales::installed()` method.
- The `$is_json` parameter has been removed from the `Helldar\LaravelLangPublisher\Facades\Locales::isInstalled(string $locale)` method.
- Keys excluded from json files have been moved to `json` configuration key.
- Updated tests

### Removed

- Removed console command parameters: `--json`, `--jet`, `--fortify`, `--cashier` and `--nova`. Now json files are copied automatically when executing basic commands.
- Removed hidden console command (`lang:missing`) for internal checking of localization compliance with the [Laravel-Lang/lang](https://github.com/Laravel-Lang) project.

[link_source]:  https://github.com/andrey-helldar/laravel-lang-publisher
